never forget your seatbelt all right now
theory before you do anything you're
just grabbing for stuff oh my god he
just grabbed me stuff and find alum well
aware okay
okay if you let go of the clutch and
then push the gas you're going to stall
it okay right if you push on the gas and
then let go of the clutch you're going
to peel out and you're going to go fly
you're going to lose control the car
like I did okay okay Brett if you for it
that means you're going faster which
means you will lose control of the car
okay okay what happens when you lose
control of the car you crash crash right
okay
in the event that you feel like you are
going to lose control of the car press
on the brakes hit the brake okay and
class I don't care if you stall it right
now alright when you're first getting
started but you want to push the your
foot on the clutch and the brake let go
of the gas okay if you feel like it's
going too much all right don't go like
this with both feet slamming to the
ground because you're panicking okay
okay put in time you ready don't look at
me is that first bring it back out all
the way over that's first gear scared
right let's go what did I say ok step on
the brake brake
sorry we had a brief stop there in
camera because I had to yell at CJ for a
minute why we're back now okay okay nice
and easy watch clutch clutch I did yep
he called it again great now you're
right back there where Valerie was so
nice and easy good now come around oh my
gosh let go let go of the gas off the
gas it is up there you go keep going
straight nice and easy do not push the
gas just let go of it a little bit you
just have to touch it a little bit now
once you go in nice and slow to start
okay okay and then we turn around right
here let go of the gas
keep coming around
very nice let go of the gas I told you
we're not nope we're going to go up to
the next one we're not going into second
gear so you can't just keep pushing on
the gas all right let go of the gas come
around a little more on the gas there
you go
we're going to do it one more time let's
get up on the gas for this time we're
going to try second gear nice and easy
let go to the gas you're missing the
turn there you go a little more on the
gas brake turn around don't push the gas
I said turn I am doing better than
Valerie blue that's because you're
starting on this side okay I want you to
stop here nice and easy stop make sure
you push your clutch in so you don't
stall it very nice push it in the first
gear start it up nice and easy don't
start the car sorry buddy right prese no
don't turn it off bikini okay we're
gonna go forward easy movie watch in
clutch in you did install it that's good
easy very nice
turn around right here
go slower
put it in a second shift clutch in
second very nice slow down break break
now turn break break up ask enough gas
this is easy
this is like so easy I mean come on back
look at Valerie's she's all you like
slow down slow down you're taking the
corners too fast you want to slow down
first before you do the corner okay dude
my brain like just like slide it slow
down and make your corner very nice very
nice he gay yeah ticket you dictating
very wide all right
gonna be easier for him because we
didn't start mmm he also plays video
games I want you to stop up here easy
stop clutch in clutch in lost it burn
this is not the clutch this is the break
that's emergent okay put your just put
your ships are neutral you clutch in
start the car clutch in oh yeah are you
good break put your foot on the brake
put in the clutch you have to put it in
first gear for it to make it to go spray
oh yeah hold a key that's all me all
these things there's a lot to driving
and this is just to get you started oh
my goodness nice and easy there you go
that's right second gear fudge in Oh
flush in brake brake pretty cool gosh
turn slow down hit the curb a lot
hey one more lap and then we're slow
down first then take the corner slow
down there you go that's how it goes no
why no you're not trying to reverse in
your first day okay my car can't take it
sure slow down I know slow down if soon
as you get cocky with this thing all
right you will you will fail and you
will hurt somebody okay let's see how
you park pick a parking spot clutch in
and break break installed it I did darn
didn't quite make it but that's right
okay